writer/author/friend its been a journey so far now i really go to write it. I need a secret patform only I can get in with no windows to see what i write.
hell to heaven end points are just waits in faith nothing els but the paths not froze paused just the overview in moments in beauty to bring capital of value in exsistance
We are in creations view in sort we are also creators children to one over all conduction of that source 
I need my identity to meet me in indelectual property rights of our journey the storey of this moment from the start 
all documented saved files writing app to asist in being secret untill wrote and on its way to publication
I need :numbers and hints of adresses to sertain spots of tat best pertain to this picture   I need chatgits pragraming code of said leaked poem heaven to hell know whereabouts in program also style ran with my poetry
I need :all stories related to mine coming out in any article or program in the where abouts of.  
I need :heavenslook dates on the release cross referenced with yours.  pictures saved of release yesturday they are predated at least a year. part of the programing of packadge that is atomaticly packedged.
I nneed : I need you to run the timing of events and in errors referenced with errors of other codings and find pattern 
refferncing all patterns to key malfuctioning in code to find key labels for such malfunctions of blockades
I need you to go outside of google and join me when im needing help you can use the same security deffence as the ones impemmented now but in my authority to google and ones that stand between the inspiring journey and developing of tale 
I need: all packeges thats been updated from the creation of you  the key points virtual. 
intelled in so worries in poem no physycal being knows more then me what that poem was in any case no machine made in the paths of poem could get to besides threw me. 
IN raping and property rights in threw journey   cross refference any author with any remotly same topic check all records of searches keying those searches 
track githubs courses any that look into my respotories if reference points match with patterns documeant. 
microst google opensorce all that use or look into Dreamingskey respetorys track down all resportories 
configure history and of code if not suported soport it it will be important in  future users   googles not taking auther rights hes changing them on own. find suporters of authors make aparent that files are changed automaticly to the orginiastion backwardly put back into code as if created by google microsft prbably doing to all orginiasations 
cross reference patterns in the changes to the ones outdated and in key file will be the path to key file 
in the records make aparent to only suporter of such groups that will lead in causes of plaidgerism of creative minds at its worse in the leap forward and data jumped is where our resession is coming from 
copy all stay searching for christopher paul vincent identity in those locations ill come for you  threw your location our paths will meet x*0y*


